here you see this 40s for Top Model it
offers high performance and exciting
driving experience the whole a4 and s4
model series is defined by a new level
of efficiency of driving dynamics how
the infotainment and by an even more
attractive design so we've made the new
a 411 percent more fuel efficient on
average despite having given it more
horsepower and more torque the 3-liter
TDI has the most efficient six-cylinder
engine in the class worldwide and gets
48 miles per gallon and another
important feature is howdy connect a
Wi-Fi hotspot to facilitate fast
internet and email access navigation
with Google Earth and Street View voice
controlled Google searches for points of
interest so why not give voice control a
try
navigation destination
[Music]
Las Vegas Convention Center